doc: update SES programming instructions (#5845)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_programming.rst

   To build and program an application:

   a. Select your project in the Project Explorer.
      The project name displays in bold when it is selected.
   #. From the menu, select :guilabel:`Build` > :guilabel:`Build Solution`.
   #. When the build completes, you can program the application to a connected development kit:

      * For a single-image application, select :guilabel:`Target` > :guilabel:`Download zephyr/zephyr.elf`.
      * For a multi-image application, depending on your build target:

        * If you are programming a SoC from the nRF53 Series and you also need to update the network core, you must add the network core project in |SES| and complete the additional steps, as described in the :ref:`ug_nrf5340_ses_multi_image` section of :ref:`ug_nrf5340`.
          This is because programming the :file:`merged.hex` file at this stage updates only the application core.
        * If you are not programming an nRF53 Series SoC or you do not need to update the network core, select :guilabel:`Target` > :guilabel:`Download zephyr/merged.hex`.

   .. note::

> 	   Alternatively, choose the :guilabel:`Build and Debug` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	   Alternatively, you can select the :guilabel:`Build and Debug` option that builds the application and programs it after the build has completed.
```

> 	   :guilabel:`Build and Debug` will build the application and program it when the build completes.

Reviewer: So leave this out.

>    Regardless of the chosen option, ignore any project out-of-date warnings by clicking :guilabel:`No` when they appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a "Project out-of-date" warning appears, click :guilabel:`No` to ignore it and leave the option to show the dialog again selected:
```

   .. figure:: images/ses_nrf5340_netcore_download.png
      :alt: Ignore any 'Project out-of-date' warnings

      Ignore any 'Project out-of-date' warnings

   .. warning::

>       If you click :guilabel:`Yes` and disable the option to show the dialog again, you will enter a loop because of a "no input files" error.

Reviewer 2: Do we have a Jira issue for this one? Is someone going to look for root cause of the problem?

Reviewer 2: Maybe that could be added as a known issue instead?

>    .. warning::
>       If you click :guilabel:`Yes` and disable the option to show the dialog again, you will enter a loop because of a "no input files" error.
>       To restore the default settings, go to :guilabel:`Tools` > :guilabel:`Options` > :guilabel:`Building` and set :guilabel:`Confirm Automatically Build Before Debug` to ``Yes``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::
      If you click :guilabel:`Yes` and disable the option to show the dialog again, you will enter a loop because of a "no input files" error.
      To restore the default settings, select :guilabel:`Tools` > :guilabel:`Options` > :guilabel:`Building` and set :guilabel:`Confirm Automatically Build Before Debug` to ``Yes``.
```
